JSON Body payload for the webhook connector in Alerts & Actions (#89253)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/action-types/webhook.asciidoc

Webhook actions have the following properties:

Body::      A JSON payload sent to the request URL. For example: 
+
[source,text]
--
{
  "short_description": "{{context.rule.name}}",
  "description": "{{context.rule.description}}",
  ...
}
--

> Note that the characters are escaped so they don't contain double quotes, \n characters, and so on.

Reviewer: It's possible a customer could land on this page and not understand what the `{{ ... }}` parts of this JSON are.  The only doc we have explaining this, is here: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/defining-alerts.html#defining-alerts-actions-details

So I think this sentence should reference that link.  Something like:

> Note that the text with double braces `{{}}` are mustache template variables provided an alert.  See <link-here> for more information on mustache template variables.

That link also has some detail on the escaping, so that's maybe not needed here.  If we want to keep it, then we can be more precise and say "mustache template variables are escaped so that the final JSON will be valid JSON (eg, escaping double quote characters)"

BTW, I'd guess other action types may want to add similar doc, so this PR may become a template for those other actions.  The only unique part of the description would be the escaping for JSON (no other actions do JSON escaping, some other actions do other types of escaping)

Author: incorporated the link and changed it accordingly.

Webhook actions have the following properties:

Body::      A JSON payload sent to the request URL. For example: 
+
[source,text]
--
{
  "short_description": "{{context.rule.name}}",
  "description": "{{context.rule.description}}",
  ...
}
--

> Note that mustache template variables are escaped so that the final JSON will be valid JSON (example: escaping double quote characters) For more information on mustache template variables, refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that mustache template variables (the text enclosed in double braces, eg, `context.rule.name`) have their values escaped, so that the final JSON will be valid (example: escaping double quote characters). For more information on mustache template variables, refer to
```

Reviewer 2: In addition:

- Capitalize Mustache (two places)
- Replace "eg" with "for example"
- Remove "example:"
-

> https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/defining-alerts.html#defining-alerts-actions-details.

Reviewer: I think we do links via some asciidoc markup, instead of with literal URLs.  I think you can replace with the link with

```
<<defining-alerts-actions-details>>
```

Webhook actions have the following properties:

Body::      A json payload sent to the request URL.

[float]
[[Example of a JSON payload]]
--

{
  "short_description": "{{context.rule.name}}",
  "description": "{{context.rule.description}}",
  ...
}
--

> For the variables that can be defined in an alert, refer to {ref}/painless-watcher-condition-context.html[Watcher condition text].

Reviewer 3: As I know the alerting action types aren't used in the Watcher plugin. So this doc improvement could be useful for alerting, but we should remove any Watcher mentioning here like `[Watcher condition text].` 
I think that having the JSON example body is great, but in addition to this we should mention that it could be an other Content-Types as well.

Author: removed
